Hey, how can a big man hit a woman?
Su late qing
Today is your lucky day.
Yo who is this
Beaten up like this
Is to seduce other men outside
Retribution
Madam, I am Mr. Fan's assistant Su Wanqing
Ah.
Bah, don't mention Fan Dasen to me
What are you?
You are not just interested in his identity and status
I just didn't expect to be one step ahead of me
Hahaha
I've been following him since college
Of course you can't be earlier than me
What!
You even had a fake relationship in college
Of course what eachother
What loyalty
That's for kids.
Now Omori loves me enough
And behind me
There is also the support of many forces
When I married him
I'll kick you out sooner or later